Update the documentation (#172)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: charts/spire/README.md

    # Update these
    clusterName: example-cluster
    trustDomain: example.org
spire-server:
  ca_subject:
    # Update these
    country: ARPA
    organization: Example
    common_name: example.org
```

Step 2:  If your Kubernetes cluster is OpenShift based, use the output of the following command for your trustDomain:
```shell
oc get cm -n openshift-config-managed  console-public -o go-template="{{ .data.consoleURL }}" | sed 's@https://@@; s/^[^.]*\.//'
```
Step 3: Find any additional values you might want to set based on the documentation below or the examples at:
https://github.com/spiffe/helm-charts-hardened/tree/main/examples

In particular, consider using an external database.

Step 4: Edit your-values.yaml with the appropriate values.

Step 5: Deployment

```shell
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire-crds spire-crds --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ --create-namespace
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ -f your-values.yaml
```

## Upgrade notes

We only support upgrading one major version at a time. Version skipping isn't supported.

> ### 0.17.X

Author: ```suggestion
### 0.17.X

```

In particular, consider using an external database.

Step 4: Edit your-values.yaml with the appropriate values.

Step 5: Deployment

```shell
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire-crds spire-crds --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ --create-namespace
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ -f your-values.yaml
```

## Upgrade notes

We only support upgrading one major version at a time. Version skipping isn't supported.

### 0.17.X

The SPIFFE OIDC Discovery Provider now has many new TLS options and out of the box defaults to using SPIRE for its certificate. Also, the `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.insecureScheme.enabled` flag was removed. If you previously set that option, remove the setting from your values.yaml and see if the new default is suitable for your deployment. If it isn't, please consider one of the other options under `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.tls`. If all other options are still unsuitable, you can still enable the previous mode by disabling all tls options. (`spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.spire.enabled=false`)

> 

Author: ```suggestion

The SPIFFE OIDC Discovery Provider is now enabled by default. If you previously chose to have it off, you can disable it explicitly with `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.enabled=false`.
```

> ### 0.16.X

Author: ```suggestion

### 0.16.X
```

    # Update these
    clusterName: example-cluster
    trustDomain: example.org
spire-server:
  ca_subject:
    # Update these
    country: ARPA
    organization: Example
    common_name: example.org
```

Step 2:  If your Kubernetes cluster is OpenShift based, use the output of the following command for your trustDomain:
```shell
oc get cm -n openshift-config-managed  console-public -o go-template="{{ .data.consoleURL }}" | sed 's@https://@@; s/^[^.]*\.//'
```
Step 3: Find any additional values you might want to set based on the documentation below or the examples at:
https://github.com/spiffe/helm-charts-hardened/tree/main/examples

In particular, consider using an external database.

Step 4: Edit your-values.yaml with the appropriate values.

Step 5: Deployment

```shell
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire-crds spire-crds --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ --create-namespace
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ -f your-values.yaml
```

## Upgrade notes

We only support upgrading one major version at a time. Version skipping isn't supported.

### 0.17.X

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/spiffe/helm-charts-hardened/tree/main/charts/spire>

## Install Instructions

### Non Production

> To do a quick non production install suitable for quick testing in something like minikube:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do a quick install suitable for testing in something like minikube:
```

```shell
helm upgrade --install -n spire-server spire-crds spire-crds --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ --create-namespace
helm upgrade --install -n spire-server spire spire --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/
```

### Production

Preparing a production deployment requires a few steps.

> Step 1: Save the following to your-values.yaml, ideally your git repo.

Reviewer: can we use the markdown numbers?

Author: I think markdown numbers only work when they are in a direct list, like? :
```
1. thing a
1. thing b
1. thing c
```

Reviewer: Yes, is it possible to switch to that numbering?

> Step 1: Save the following to your-values.yaml, ideally your git repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Save the following to your-values.yaml, ideally in your git repo.
```

```yaml
global:
  openshift: false # If running on openshift, set to true
  spire:
    recommendations:
      enabled: true
    namespaces:
      create: true
    ingressControllerType: "" # If not openshift, and want to expose services, set to a supported option [ingress-nginx]
    # Update these
    clusterName: example-cluster
    trustDomain: example.org
spire-server:
  ca_subject:
    # Update these
    country: ARPA
    organization: Example
    common_name: example.org
```

Step 2: If you need a non default storageClass, append the following to the spire-server section and update:
```
  persistence:

>     storageClass: changeme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    storageClass: your-storage-class
```

```

Step 3: If your Kubernetes cluster is OpenShift based, use the output of the following command for your trustDomain:
```shell
oc get cm -n openshift-config-managed  console-public -o go-template="{{ .data.consoleURL }}" | sed 's@https://@@; s/^[^.]*\.//'
```

> Step 4: Find any additional values you might want to set based on the documentation below or the examples at:
> https://github.com/spiffe/helm-charts-hardened/tree/main/examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 4: Find any additional values you might want to set based on the documentation below or using the [examples](https://github.com/spiffe/helm-charts-hardened/tree/main/examples)
```

In particular, consider using an external database.

> Step 5: Edit your-values.yaml with the appropriate values.

Reviewer: This step doesnt seem to have anything under it.

Author: The other steps are about gathering the options you might need, and this is talking about actually making the changes.

So, something else above is unclear I guess.

> Step 6: Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 6: Deploy
```

```shell
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire-crds spire-crds --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ --create-namespace
helm upgrade --install -n spire-mgmt spire spire --repo https://spiffe.github.io/helm-charts-hardened/ -f your-values.yaml
```

## Upgrade notes

We only support upgrading one major version at a time. Version skipping isn't supported.

### 0.17.X

> The SPIFFE OIDC Discovery Provider now has many new TLS options and out of the box defaults to using SPIRE for its certificate. Also, the `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.insecureScheme.enabled` flag was removed. If you previously set that option, remove the setting from your values.yaml and see if the new default is suitable for your deployment. If it isn't, please consider one of the other options under `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.tls`. If all other options are still unsuitable, you can still enable the previous mode by disabling all tls options. (`spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.spire.enabled=false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SPIFFE OIDC Discovery Provider now has many new TLS options and defaults to using SPIRE to issue its certificate.
- The `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.insecureScheme.enabled` flag was removed. If you previously set that flag, remove the setting from your values.yaml and see if the new default of using a SPIRE issued certificate is suitable for your deployment. If it isn't, please consider one of the other options under `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.tls`. If all other options are still unsuitable, you can still enable the previous mode by disabling TLS. (`spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.spire.enabled=false`)
```

> The SPIFFE OIDC Discovery Provider is now enabled by default. If you previously chose to have it off, you can disable it explicitly with `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.enabled=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SPIFFE OIDC Discovery Provider is now enabled by default. If you previously chose to have it off, you can disable it explicitly with `spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider.enabled=false`.
```
